All the VScode extensions I use, recommened for junior DevOps engineers
Powershell ad Bash scripts I used to export this list in an additional files×¥
To save & sync your current and future extensions, settings, etc' it is highly recommened to connect your GitHub account to VSCode.

Terraform
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=4ops.terraform

Bookmarks
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.bookmarks

Project Manager
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.project-manager

Aws Toolkit Vscode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=amazonwebservices.aws-toolkit-vscode

Vscode Django
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=batisteo.vscode-django

Multi Cursor Case Preserve
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cardinal90.multi-cursor-case-preserve

Npm Intellisense
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense

Codeium
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=codeium.codeium

Gitignore
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=codezombiech.gitignore

Codium
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=codium.codium

Git Extension Pack
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.git-extension-pack

Githistory
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.githistory

Python Environment Manager
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-environment-manager

Python Extension Pack
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-extension-pack

Gitlens
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens

Prettier Vscode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode

Restore Terminals
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ethansk.restore-terminals

Git Project Manager
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=felipecaputo.git-project-manager

Code Runner
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner

Codespaces
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=github.codespaces

Vscode Pull Request Github
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=github.vscode-pull-request-github

Todo Tree
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gruntfuggly.todo-tree

Terraform
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hashicorp.terraform

Vscode Drawio
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.vscode-drawio

Rest Client
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client

Vscode Peacock
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnpapa.vscode-peacock

Ldif
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jtavin.ldif

Vsc Python Indent
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kevinrose.vsc-python-indent

Kubernetes Templates
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lunuan.kubernetes-templates

Aws Cli Configure
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mark-tucker.aws-cli-configure

Regexsnippets
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=monish.regexsnippets

Azure Dev
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.azure-dev

Vscode Azureappservice
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azureappservice

Vscode Azurecontainerapps
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurecontainerapps

Vscode Azurefunctions
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurefunctions

Vscode Azureresourcegroups
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azureresourcegroups

Vscode Azurestaticwebapps
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurestaticwebapps

Vscode Azurestorage
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurestorage

Vscode Azureterraform
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azureterraform

Vscode Azurevirtualmachines
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurevirtualmachines

Vscode Cosmosdb
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-cosmosdb

Vscode Docker
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-docker

Vscode Kubernetes Tools
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-kubernetes-tools.vscode-kubernetes-tools

Debugpy
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.debugpy

Isort
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.isort

Python
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python

Vscode Pylance
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance

Jupyter
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter

Jupyter Keymap
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter-keymap

Jupyter Renderers
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter-renderers

Vscode Jupyter Cell Tags
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.vscode-jupyter-cell-tags

Vscode Jupyter Slideshow
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.vscode-jupyter-slideshow

Remote Containers
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers

Remote Ssh
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh

Remote Ssh Edit
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-ssh-edit

Remote Wsl
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-wsl

Azure Account
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.azure-account

Powershell
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.powershell

Remote Explorer
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.remote-explorer

Vscode Node Azure Pack
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-node-azure-pack

Aws S3 Vscode Extension
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=necatiarslan.aws-s3-vscode-extension

Autodocstring
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=njpwerner.autodocstring

Docthis
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oouo-diogo-perdigao.docthis

Terraform Advanced Syntax Highlighting
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pjmiravalle.terraform-advanced-syntax-highlighting

Polacode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pnp.polacode

Postman For Vscode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=postman.postman-for-vscode

Pulumi Lsp Client
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pulumi.pulumi-lsp-client

Java
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.java

Vscode Yaml
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml

Liveserver
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.liveserver

Terraform Doc Snippets
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=run-at-scale.terraform-doc-snippets

Snyk Vulnerability Scanner
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=snyk-security.snyk-vulnerability-scanner

Code Spell Checker
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker

Logos Vscode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tale.logos-vscode

Intellicode Api Usage Examples
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=visualstudioexptteam.intellicode-api-usage-examples

Vscodeintellicode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=visualstudioexptteam.vscodeintellicode

Vscode Java Debug
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-debug

Vscode Java Dependency
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-dependency

Vscode Java Pack
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack

Vscode Java Test
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-test

Vscode Maven
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven

Vscode Aws Console
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscode-aws-console.vscode-aws-console

Console Ninja
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wallabyjs.console-ninja

Quokka Vscode
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wallabyjs.quokka-vscode

Jinja
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wholroyd.jinja

Javascriptsnippets
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=xabikos.javascriptsnippets

Json
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=zainchen.json

Vscode Open In Github
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ziyasal.vscode-open-in-github